---
description: Learn about manufacturer- and device-specific constraints on codes.
---

# Understanding Code Constraints

When creating access codes, it is important to be aware of any constraints on the `code`. [Get a device](../../../../api/devices/get.md) and review its `device.properties.code_constraints`. Seam represents each constraint as an object with a `constraint_type` property. Depending on the constraint type, there may also be additional properties. Note that some constraints are manufacturer- or device-specific.

The `constraint_type` property can be any of the following enum values:

<table><thead><tr><th width="338">Constraint Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><code>no_zeros</code></td><td>Cannot use <code>0</code>s as digits in the PIN code.</td></tr><tr><td><code>cannot_start_with_12</code></td><td>PIN code cannot start with the sequence of digits <code>12</code>.</td></tr><tr><td><code>no_triple_consecutive_ints</code></td><td>No more than three digits in a row can be consecutive or the same in the PIN code.</td></tr><tr><td><code>cannot_specify_pin_code</code></td><td>Cannot specify a PIN code. You must leave the code empty, and the lock provider generates a PIN code.</td></tr><tr><td><code>pin_code_matches_existing_set</code></td><td><p>If you specify a PIN code, it must match an existing set of PIN codes used in the account.</p><p>For example, the PIN code could match the code assigned to a user in the system.</p></td></tr><tr><td><code>start_date_in_future</code></td><td>For time-bound codes, the start date must be in the future.</td></tr><tr><td><code>no_ascending_or_descending_sequence</code></td><td>PIN code cannot consist of a sequence of consecutive digits.</td></tr><tr><td><code>at_least_three_unique_digits</code></td><td>PIN code must contain at least three unique digits.</td></tr><tr><td><code>cannot_contain_089</code></td><td><p>PIN code cannot contain the digits <code>0</code>, <code>8</code>, or <code>9</code>.</p><p>For example, this restriction could apply to a cylinder lock that only includes the digits <code>1</code> to <code>7</code>.</p></td></tr><tr><td><code>cannot_contain_0789</code></td><td><p>PIN code cannot contain the digits <code>0</code>, <code>7</code>, <code>8</code>, or <code>9</code>.</p><p>For example, this restriction could apply to a cylinder lock that only includes the digits <code>1</code> to <code>6</code>.</p></td></tr><tr><td><code>name_length</code></td><td><p>Name of the code has some restrictions on length.</p><p>When the <code>constraint_type</code> is <code>name_length</code>, the constraint object has one or two additional properties called <code>min_length</code> and <code>max_length</code> to specify the length constraints.</p></td></tr><tr><td><code>name_must_be_unique</code></td><td>Name of the code must be unique within the device.</td></tr></tbody></table>
