# Set up instructions

## What you'll need

**An Access Control System that is compatible with your chosen mobile access solution**

You’ll need the account login information for your access control system (”ACS”), refer to the brand-specific ACS System guide for instructions on where to find that. Additionally, verify that your ACS is compatible with the mobile technology you intend to implement, such as Apple Wallet. It may be necessary to upgrade your system to support these technologies.

**A Credential Manager account appropriate for the access hardware installed**

Depending on the make and model of your lock or access hardware, you may need to set up a Credential Manager account for issuing mobile credentials for that brand of lock. The credential manager is responsible for issuing mobile credentials and keeping track of which mobile credentials have been issued to which mobile devices. Often, the mobile credentials generated by the Credential Manager need to be imported into the access control system before they can be used to grant access.

**Access Hardware configured with the appropriate settings**

Certain makes and models of lock hardware may require you to configure specific encryption keys on the access hardware to enable mobile access. Please consult the appropriate device guides for detailed instructions on these requirements.

***

## Setting up your Workspace

1.  **Connect your ACS account to Seam using a Connect Webview**

    To proceed, you'll require the the login details for your ACS account. Consult the guide for that specific brand of ACS for more details.
2. **Connect your Credential Manager account to Seam using a Connect Webview**\
   To proceed, you'll require the the login details for your Credential Manager account. Please see the corresponding guide for that Credential Manager type for further guidance.
