---
description: A device that has been connected to Seam
---

# Devices

The `device` object represents a [device](../../core-concepts/devices/) that has been connected to Seam.

## `device` Properties

The `device` object has the following properties:

<table><thead><tr><th width="181">Property</th><th width="166.33333333333331">Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><code>device_id</code></td><td>String (UUID)<br><em>Required</em></td><td>Unique identifier for the device.</td></tr><tr><td><code>device_type</code></td><td>String<br><em>Required</em></td><td>Type of the device.</td></tr><tr><td><code>display_name</code></td><td>String<br><em>Required</em></td><td>Display name for the device.</td></tr><tr><td><code>capabilities_supported</code></td><td>Array of strings<br><em>Required</em></td><td>Collection of capabilities that the device supports when connected to Seam.<br>See <a href="./#capabilities_supported-values"><code>capabilities_supported</code> Values</a>.<br><strong>Important:</strong> Superseded by <a href="../../capability-guides/device-and-system-capabilities.md#capability-flags">capability flags</a>.</td></tr><tr><td><code>properties</code></td><td><p>Object</p><p><em>Required</em></p></td><td>Properties of the device.<br>See <a href="./#device.properties-properties"><code>device.properties</code> Properties</a>.</td></tr><tr><td><code>location</code></td><td>Object<br><em>Optional</em></td><td>Read-only location information for the device.<br>See <a href="./#location-properties"><code>location</code> Properties</a>.</td></tr><tr><td><code>connected_account_id</code></td><td>String (UUID)<br><em>Required</em></td><td>ID of the <a href="../connected-accounts/">connected account</a> associated with the device.</td></tr><tr><td><code>workspace_id</code></td><td>String (UUID)<br><em>Required</em></td><td>ID of the <a href="../../core-concepts/workspaces/">workspace</a> that contains the device.</td></tr><tr><td><code>errors</code></td><td>Array of objects<br><em>Required</em></td><td><p>Array of errors associated with the device.</p><p>Each error object within the array contains two fields: <code>error_code</code> and <code>message</code>.</p><p><code>error_code</code> is a string that uniquely identifies the type of error, enabling quick recognition and categorization of the issue.</p><p><code>message</code> provides a more detailed description of the error, offering insights into the issue and potentially how to rectify it.<br>See <a href="./#device-error-types">Device Error Types</a>.</p></td></tr><tr><td><code>warnings</code></td><td>Array of objects<br><em>Required</em></td><td><p>Array of warnings associated with the device.</p><p>Each warning object within the array contains two fields: <code>warning_code</code> and <code>message</code>.</p><p><code>warning_code</code> is a string that uniquely identifies the type of warning, enabling quick recognition and categorization of the issue.</p><p><code>message</code> provides a more detailed description of the warning, offering insights into the issue and potentially how to rectify it.<br>See <a href="./#device-warning-types">Device Warning Types</a>.</p></td></tr><tr><td><code>created_at</code></td><td>String (datetime)<br><em>Required</em></td><td>Date and time at which the device object was created.</td></tr><tr><td><code>is_managed</code></td><td>Boolean<br><em>Required</em></td><td>Indicates whether Seam manages the device.</td></tr><tr><td><code>custom_metadata</code></td><td>JSON object<br><em>Optional</em></td><td><p>Set of <code>custom_metadata</code> for the device.</p><p>Specify up to 50 keys, with key names up to 40 characters long. Accepts string or Boolean values. Strings are limited to 500 characters.</p></td></tr><tr><td><code>can_remotely_unlock</code></td><td>Boolean<br><em>Optional</em></td><td>Indicates whether the device can perform a <a href="../../products/smart-locks/lock-and-unlock.md">remote unlock operation</a>. See <a href="../../capability-guides/device-and-system-capabilities.md#capability-flags">Capability Flags</a>.</td></tr><tr><td><code>can_remotely_lock</code></td><td>Boolean<br><em>Optional</em></td><td>Indicates whether the device can perform a <a href="../../products/smart-locks/lock-and-unlock.md">remote lock operation</a>. See <a href="../../capability-guides/device-and-system-capabilities.md#capability-flags">Capability Flags</a>.</td></tr><tr><td><code>can_program_online_access_codes</code></td><td>Boolean<br><em>Optional</em></td><td>Indicates whether the device can <a href="../../products/smart-locks/access-codes/">program online access codes</a>. See <a href="../../capability-guides/device-and-system-capabilities.md#capability-flags">Capability Flags</a>.</td></tr><tr><td><code>can_program_offline_access_codes</code></td><td>Boolean<br><em>Optional</em></td><td>Indicates whether the device can <a href="../../products/smart-locks/access-codes/offline-access-codes.md">program offline access codes</a>. See <a href="../../capability-guides/device-and-system-capabilities.md#capability-flags">Capability Flags</a>.</td></tr></tbody></table>

### `capabilities_supported` Values

{% hint style="info" %}
Superseded by [capability flags](../../capability-guides/device-and-system-capabilities.md#capability-flags).
{% endhint %}

<table><thead><tr><th width="202">Capability</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><code>access_code</code></td><td>If present, you can set access codes on the device.</td></tr><tr><td><code>battery</code></td><td>If present, you can look at the <code>device.properties.battery.level</code> of the device.</td></tr><tr><td><code>health</code></td><td>If present, you can introspect some parameters related to the health of the device.</td></tr><tr><td><code>lock</code></td><td>If present, you can lock and unlock the device.</td></tr><tr><td><code>noise_sensor</code></td><td>If present, the device can issue noise alerts when noise thresholds are exceeded.</td></tr><tr><td><code>thermostat</code></td><td>If present, the device can regulate the temperature of a system so that the temperature of the system is maintained near a desired set point temperature.</td></tr></tbody></table>

### `device.properties` Properties

<table><thead><tr><th width="230.33333333333331">Property</th><th width="129">Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><code>online</code></td><td>Boolean<br><em>Required</em></td><td>Indicates whether the device is online.</td></tr><tr><td><code>accessory_keypad</code></td><td>Object<br><em>Optional</em></td><td>Accessory keypad state. See <a href="./#accessory_keypad-properties"><code>accessory_keypad</code> Properties</a>.</td></tr><tr><td><code>appearance</code></td><td>Object<br><em>Required</em></td><td>Appearance-related properties, including the read-only <code>name</code> of the device, as seen from the provider API and application.</td></tr><tr><td><code>model</code></td><td>Object<br><em>Required</em></td><td>Device model properties. See <a href="./#model-properties"><code>model</code> Properties</a>.</td></tr><tr><td><code>has_direct_power</code></td><td>Boolean<br><em>Optional</em></td><td>Indicates whether the device has direct power.</td></tr><tr><td><code>battery_level</code></td><td>Number<br><em>Required</em></td><td>Indicates the battery level of the device as a decimal value between 0 and 1, inclusive.<br>Deprecated. Use <a href="./#device-battery-properties"><code>device.properties.battery.level</code></a> instead.</td></tr><tr><td><code>battery</code></td><td>Object<br><em>Optional</em></td><td>Device battery properties. See <a href="./#device-battery-properties">Device<code>battery</code> Properties</a>.</td></tr><tr><td><code>manufacturer</code></td><td>String<br><em>Optional</em></td><td>Manufacturer of the device. See <a href="./#device-manufacturers">Device Manufacturers</a>.</td></tr><tr><td><code>image_url</code></td><td>String (URL)<br><em>Optional</em></td><td>Image URL for the device or placeholder image URL if a device-specific image is unavailable.</td></tr><tr><td><code>image_alt_text</code></td><td>String<br><em>Optional</em></td><td>Alternative text for the device image.</td></tr><tr><td><code>serial_number</code></td><td>String<br><em>Optional</em></td><td>Serial number of the device.</td></tr><tr><td><code>online_access_codes_enabled</code></td><td>Boolean<br><em>Optional</em></td><td>Indicates whether it is currently possible to use <a href="../../products/smart-locks/access-codes/">online access codes</a> for the device.<br>Superseded by the <code>device.properties.can_program_online_access_codes</code> <a href="../../capability-guides/device-and-system-capabilities.md#capability-flags">capability flag</a>. </td></tr><tr><td><code>offline_access_codes_enabled</code></td><td>Boolean<br><em>Optional</em></td><td>Indicates whether it is currently possible to use <a href="../../products/smart-locks/access-codes/offline-access-codes.md">offline access codes</a> for the device.<br>Superseded by the <code>device.properties.can_program_offline_access_codes</code> <a href="../../capability-guides/device-and-system-capabilities.md#capability-flags">capability flag</a>. </td></tr><tr><td><code>locked</code></td><td>Boolean<br><em>Optional</em></td><td><p>Indicates whether the device is locked.</p><p>Applicable to locks.</p></td></tr><tr><td><code>keypad_battery</code></td><td>Object<br><em>Optional</em></td><td><p>Keypad battery properties.</p><p>Applicable to locks.</p><p>See <a href="./#keypad_battery-properties"><code>keypad_battery</code> Properties</a>.</p></td></tr><tr><td><code>door_open</code></td><td>Boolean<br><em>Optional</em></td><td><p>Indicates whether the door is open.</p><p>Applicable to locks.</p></td></tr><tr><td><code>code_constraints</code></td><td>Array of objects<br><em>Optional</em></td><td><p>Constraints on access codes that can be set on the device.</p><p>Applicable to devices that support access codes.<br>See <a href="./#access-code-constraints">Access Code Constraints</a>.</p></td></tr><tr><td><code>supported_code_lengths</code></td><td>Array of numbers<br><em>Optional</em></td><td><p>Supported code lengths for the device.</p><p>For example, <code>[4,5]</code> means that <code>1234</code> and <code>12345</code> are valid codes, but <code>123</code> and <code>123456</code> are invalid codes.<br>Applicable to devices that support access codes.</p></td></tr><tr><td><code>max_active_codes_supported</code></td><td>Number<br><em>Optional</em></td><td>Maximum number of codes that can exist on the device at one time.<br>Applicable to devices that support access codes.</td></tr><tr><td><code>supports_backup_access_code_pool</code></td><td>Boolean<br><em>Optional</em></td><td>Indicates whether the device supports <a href="../../products/smart-locks/access-codes/backup-access-codes.md">backup access code pools</a>.<br>Applicable to devices that support access codes.</td></tr><tr><td><code>temperature_fahrenheit</code></td><td>Number<br><em>Required</em></td><td>Temperature, measured in Fahrenheit.<br>Applicable to thermostats.</td></tr><tr><td><code>temperature_celsius</code></td><td>Number<br><em>Required</em></td><td>Temperature, measured in Celsius.<br>Applicable to thermostats.</td></tr><tr><td><code>relative_humidity</code></td><td>Number<br><em>Required</em></td><td>Relative humidity, the amount of moisture in the air compared to the maximum amount of moisture the air can hold at a given temperature. It is a percentage expressed as a number between <code>0</code> and <code>1</code>, inclusive.<br>Applicable to thermostats.</td></tr><tr><td><code>can_enable_automatic_heating</code></td><td>Boolean<br><em>Required</em></td><td>Indicates whether the thermostat is connected to a heating system.<br>Applicable to thermostats.</td></tr><tr><td><code>can_enable_automatic_cooling</code></td><td>Boolean<br><em>Required</em></td><td>Indicates whether the thermostat is connected to a cooling system.<br>Applicable to thermostats.</td></tr><tr><td><code>available_hvac_mode_settings</code></td><td>Array of enums (strings)</td><td><p>List of the available HVAC modes for the thermostat.<br>Possible values:</p><ul><li><code>cool</code></li><li><code>heat</code></li><li><code>heat_cool</code></li><li><code>off</code></li></ul><p>Applicable to thermostats.</p></td></tr><tr><td><code>is_heating_available</code></td><td>Boolean<br><em>Required</em></td><td>Indicates whether heating is available.<br>Applicable to thermostats.</td></tr><tr><td><code>is_cooling_available</code></td><td>Boolean<br><em>Required</em></td><td>Indicates whether cooling is available.<br>Applicable to thermostats.</td></tr><tr><td><code>is_heating</code></td><td>Boolean<br><em>Required</em></td><td>Indicates whether the heating system is currently heating.<br>Applicable to thermostats.</td></tr><tr><td><code>is_cooling</code></td><td>Boolean<br><em>Required</em></td><td>Indicates whether the cooling system is currently cooling.<br>Applicable to thermostats.</td></tr><tr><td><code>is_fan_running</code></td><td>Boolean<br><em>Required</em></td><td>Indicates whether the fan is currently running.<br>Applicable to thermostats.</td></tr><tr><td><code>fan_mode_setting</code></td><td>Enum (string)<br><em>Required</em></td><td><p>Fan mode of the thermostat.<br>Possible values:</p><ul><li><strong><code>on</code>:</strong> The fan continuously operates, ensuring air circulation regardless of the heating or cooling demand.</li><li><strong><code>auto</code>:</strong> The fan activates only when heating or cooling is on, making it a more energy-efficient choice.</li></ul><p>Applicable to thermostats.</p></td></tr><tr><td><code>is_temporary_manual_override_active</code></td><td>Boolean<br><em>Required</em></td><td>Indicates whether the current thermostat settings differ from the configured <code>current_climate_setting</code>.<br>Applicable to thermostats.</td></tr><tr><td><code>current_climate_setting</code></td><td>Object<br><em>Required</em></td><td>Current climate setting for the thermostat. Can only be overridden manually if <code>device.properties.current_climate_setting.manual_override_allowed</code> is <code>true</code>.<br>Applicable to thermostats.<br>See <a href="./#thermostat-climate_setting-properties">Thermostat <code>climate_setting</code> Properties</a>.</td></tr><tr><td><code>default_climate_setting</code></td><td>Object<br><em>Optional</em></td><td>Default climate setting for the thermostat.<br>Applicable to thermostats.<br>See <a href="./#thermostat-climate_setting-properties">Thermostat <code>climate_setting</code> Properties</a>.</td></tr><tr><td><code>is_climate_setting_schedule_active</code></td><td>Boolean<br><em>Required</em></td><td>Indicates whether a climate setting schedule is active.<br>Applicable to thermostats.</td></tr><tr><td><code>active_climate_setting_schedule</code></td><td>Object<br><em>Optional</em></td><td>Active climate setting schedule, if one is active.<br>Applicable to thermostats.</td></tr><tr><td><code>min_cooling_set_point_celsius</code></td><td>Number<br><em>Required</em></td><td>Minimum cooling <a href="./#climate-set-points">set point</a> that this thermostat supports, measured in Celsius.<br>Applicable to thermostats.</td></tr><tr><td><code>min_cooling_set_point_fahrenheit</code></td><td>Number<br><em>Required</em></td><td>Minimum cooling <a href="./#climate-set-points">set point</a> that this thermostat supports, measured in Fahrenheit.<br>Applicable to thermostats.</td></tr><tr><td><code>max_cooling_set_point_celsius</code></td><td>Number<br><em>Required</em></td><td>Maximum cooling <a href="./#climate-set-points">set point</a> that this thermostat supports, measured in Celsius.<br>Applicable to thermostats.</td></tr><tr><td><code>max_cooling_set_point_fahrenheit</code></td><td>Number<br><em>Required</em></td><td>Maximum cooling <a href="./#climate-set-points">set point</a> that this thermostat supports, measured in Fahrenheit.<br>Applicable to thermostats.</td></tr><tr><td><code>min_heating_set_point_celsius</code></td><td>Number<br><em>Required</em></td><td>Minimum heating <a href="./#climate-set-points">set point</a> that this thermostat supports, measured in Celsius.<br>Applicable to thermostats.</td></tr><tr><td><code>min_heating_set_point_fahrenheit</code></td><td>Number<br><em>Required</em></td><td>Minimum heating <a href="./#climate-set-points">set point</a> that this thermostat supports, measured in Fahrenheit.<br>Applicable to thermostats.</td></tr><tr><td><code>max_heating_set_point_celsius</code></td><td>Number<br><em>Required</em></td><td>Maximum heating <a href="./#climate-set-points">set point</a> that this thermostat supports, measured in Celsius.<br>Applicable to thermostats.</td></tr><tr><td><code>max_heating_set_point_fahrenheit</code></td><td>Number<br><em>Required</em></td><td>Maximum heating <a href="./#climate-set-points">set point</a> that this thermostat supports, measured in Fahrenheit.<br>Applicable to thermostats.</td></tr><tr><td><code>min_heating_cooling_delta_celsius</code></td><td>Number<br><em>Required</em></td><td>Minimum temperature difference—that is, delta—in degrees Celsius between the cooling and heating set points when in heat-cool (auto) mode.<br>Applicable to thermostats.</td></tr><tr><td><code>min_heating_cooling_delta_fahrenheit</code></td><td>Number<br><em>Required</em></td><td>Minimum temperature difference—that is, delta—in degrees Fahrenheit between the cooling and heating set points when in heat-cool (auto) mode.<br>Applicable to thermostats.</td></tr><tr><td><code>XXX_metadata</code></td><td>Object</td><td>Manufacturer-specific metadata for the device, where <code>XXX</code> is the manufacturer.</td></tr></tbody></table>

### `location` Properties

<table><thead><tr><th width="204">Property</th><th width="128.33333333333331">Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><code>location_name</code></td><td>String</td><td>Read-only name of the device location.</td></tr><tr><td><code>timezone</code></td><td>String</td><td>Read-only time zone of the device location, as a name from the IANA time zone database.</td></tr></tbody></table>

### `accessory_keypad` Properties

<table><thead><tr><th width="204">Property</th><th width="128.33333333333331">Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><code>is_connected</code></td><td>Boolean<br><em>Required</em></td><td>Indicates whether the accessory keypad is connected to the device.</td></tr><tr><td><code>battery</code></td><td>Object<br><em>Optional</em></td><td>Keypad battery properties. See <a href="./#keypad-battery-properties">Keypad <code>battery</code> Properties</a>.</td></tr></tbody></table>

### Keypad `battery` Properties

<table><thead><tr><th width="204">Property</th><th width="128.33333333333331">Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><code>level</code></td><td>Number<br><em>Required</em></td><td>Indicates the battery level of the keypad as a decimal value between <code>0</code> and <code>1</code>, inclusive.</td></tr></tbody></table>

### `keypad_battery` Properties

<table><thead><tr><th width="204">Property</th><th width="128.33333333333331">Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><code>level</code></td><td>Number<br><em>Required</em></td><td>Indicates the battery level of the keypad as a decimal value between <code>0</code> and <code>1</code>, inclusive.</td></tr></tbody></table>

### `model` Properties

<table><thead><tr><th width="204">Property</th><th width="128.33333333333331">Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><code>can_connect_accessory_keypad</code></td><td>Boolean<br><em>Optional</em></td><td>Indicates whether the device can connect a accessory keypad.</td></tr><tr><td><code>display_name</code></td><td>String<br><em>Required</em></td><td>Display name of the device model.</td></tr><tr><td><code>manufacturer_display_name</code></td><td>String<br><em>Required</em></td><td>Display name that corresponds to the manufacturer-specific terminology for the device.</td></tr><tr><td><code>has_built_in_keypad</code></td><td>Boolean<br><em>Optional</em></td><td>Indicates whether the device has a built in accessory keypad.</td></tr><tr><td><code>offline_access_codes_supported</code></td><td>Boolean<br><em>Optional</em></td><td>Indicates whether the device supports <a href="../../products/smart-locks/access-codes/offline-access-codes.md">offline access codes</a>.<br>Superseded by the <code>device.properties.can_program_offline_access_codes</code> <a href="../../capability-guides/device-and-system-capabilities.md#capability-flags">capability flag</a>.</td></tr><tr><td><code>online_access_codes_supported</code></td><td>Boolean<br><em>Optional</em></td><td>Indicates whether the device supports <a href="../../products/smart-locks/access-codes/">online access codes</a>.<br>Superseded by the <code>device.properties.can_program_online_access_codes</code> <a href="../../capability-guides/device-and-system-capabilities.md#capability-flags">capability flag</a>. </td></tr><tr><td><code>accessory_keypad_supported</code></td><td>Boolean<br><em>Optional</em></td><td>Indicates whether the device supports an accessory keypad.<br>Deprecated. Use <code>device.properties.model.can_connect_accessory_keypad</code> instead.</td></tr></tbody></table>

### Device `battery` Properties

<table><thead><tr><th width="204">Property</th><th width="128.33333333333331">Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><code>level</code></td><td>Number<br><em>Required</em></td><td>Indicates the battery level of the device as a decimal value between <code>0</code> and <code>1</code>, inclusive.</td></tr><tr><td><code>status</code></td><td>Enum (string)<br>Required</td><td><p>Represents the current status of the battery charge level.</p><p>Values are:</p><ul><li><code>critical</code>: Indicates an extremely low level, suggesting imminent shutdown or an urgent need for charging.</li><li><code>low</code>: Signifies that the battery is under the preferred threshold and should be charged soon.</li><li><code>good</code>: Denotes a satisfactory charge level, adequate for normal use without the immediate need for recharging.</li><li><code>full</code>: Represents a battery that is fully charged, providing the maximum duration of usage.</li></ul></td></tr></tbody></table>

### Thermostat `climate_setting` Properties

<table><thead><tr><th width="204">Property</th><th width="128.33333333333331">Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><code>automatic_heating_enabled</code></td><td>Boolean<br><em>Required</em></td><td>Indicates whether the thermostat has heating turned on.</td></tr><tr><td><code>automatic_cooling_enabled</code></td><td>Boolean<br><em>Required</em></td><td>Indicates whether the thermostat has cooling turned on.</td></tr><tr><td><code>hvac_mode_setting</code></td><td>Enum (string)<br><em>Required</em></td><td><p>HVAC mode to which the thermostat is set.</p><p>Possible values:</p><ul><li><code>cool</code></li><li><code>heat</code></li><li><code>heat_cool</code></li><li><code>off</code></li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><code>cooling_set_point_celsius</code></td><td>Number<br><em>Optional</em></td><td>The <a href="./#climate-set-points">cooling set point</a>, measured in Celsius, if cooling is turned on. When the ambient temperature rises above this set point, cooling turns on.</td></tr><tr><td><code>heating_set_point_celsius</code></td><td>Number<br><em>Optional</em></td><td>The <a href="./#climate-set-points">heating set point</a>, measured in Celsius, if heating is turned on. When the ambient temperature drops below this set point, heating turns on.</td></tr><tr><td><code>cooling_set_point_fahrenheit</code></td><td>Number<br><em>Optional</em></td><td>The <a href="./#climate-set-points">cooling set point</a>, measured in Fahrenheit, if cooling is turned on. When the ambient temperature rises above this set point, cooling turns on.</td></tr><tr><td><code>heating_set_point_fahrenheit</code></td><td>Number<br><em>Optional</em></td><td>The <a href="./#climate-set-points">heating set point</a>, measured in Fahrenheit, if heating is turned on. When the ambient temperature drops below this set point, heating turns on.</td></tr><tr><td><code>manual_override_allowed</code></td><td>Boolean<br><em>Required</em></td><td>Indicates whether another user can use the thermostat or API to override this climate setting.</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Device Error Types

Errors are returned in a list. For example:

```
"errors": [
  {
    "is_device_error": true,
    "error_code": "device_disconnected",
    "message": "Device Disconnected, you may need to reconnect the device.",
    "created_at": "2023-06-27T22:50:19.440Z
  }
]
```

### Generic Errors

Seam recommends adding error handling logic to you app for each generic error in this table. Seam may add more generic errors in the future, so your app should include a fallback case if it encounters an unknown generic error code.

<table><thead><tr><th width="263">Error Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><code>device_disconnected</code></td><td>Device is disconnected.</td></tr><tr><td><code>device_removed</code></td><td>Device has been removed from the connected account. Seam can no longer sync with this device.</td></tr><tr><td><code>hub_disconnected</code></td><td>The hub that the device is connected to is offline. Seam is unable to sync updates to this device.</td></tr></tbody></table>

### Specific Errors

When Seam is able to provide more specific information beyond one of the [generic errors](./#generic-errors), one or more errors from the list of specific errors may appear. This gives your app the option to display additional context or suggest provider specific resolutions.

{% hint style="info" %}
If the connected account associated with a device has an error, it is attached to the device alongside any other device errors. Treat these errors as specific errors. See [Connected Account Error Types](../connected-accounts/#connected-account-error-types).
{% endhint %}

| Error Type                          | Description                                                                                                                     |
| ----------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `missing_device_credentials`        | Missing device credentials. Create a new [Connect Webview](../../core-concepts/connect-webviews/) to provide the credentials.   |
| `ttlock_lock_not_paired_to_gateway` | The lock is not paired with a gateway. Seam cannot unlock or program access codes on the lock. Add a gateway to enable support. |

## Device Warning Types

Warnings are returned in a list. For example:

```
"warnings": [
  {
    "warning_code": "device_has_flaky_connection",
    "message": "Device has a flaky connection to the internet.",
    "created_at": "2023-06-27T22:50:19.440Z
  }
]
```

| Warning Type                                | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| ------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `device_has_flaky_connection`               | Device has a flaky connection to the internet.                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| `third_party_integration_detected`          | We detected that another third-party service (for example, Operto) is being used to manage this device. This situation may cause access codes that Seam sets to fail because the third-party service is making modifications to Seam codes. |
| `salto_office_mode`                         | Lock is in office mode. Access codes will not unlock doors. You can disable office mode in the Salto dashboard.                                                                                                                             |
| `salto_privacy_mode`                        | Lock is in privacy mode. Access Codes will not unlock doors. You can disable privacy mode by pressing the back of the lock.                                                                                                                 |
| `ttlock_lock_gateway_unlocking_not_enabled` | Turn on the remote unlock feature in the lock settings to enable unlocks. This feature must be turned on from the mobile app while near the door lock.                                                                                      |

## Device Manufacturers

On some account types, Seam provides additional information about the manufacturer of the door lock. Where the device is being connected through a smart hub, the manufacturer of the door lock might be different from that of the smart hub.

## Device Providers

Seam maintains a list of device providers that you can access using the [List Device Providers](list-device-providers.md) endpoint.

The [Device Provider](./#device-provider) object includes the following information:

<table><thead><tr><th width="273">Property</th><th width="92.33333333333331">Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><code>device_provider_name</code></td><td>String</td><td><p>Name of the device provider.</p><p>For example: <code>august</code></p></td></tr><tr><td><code>display_name</code></td><td>String</td><td><p>Formatted version of the <code>device_provider_name</code>.</p><p>For example: <code>August</code></p></td></tr><tr><td><code>image_url</code></td><td>String</td><td>Image URL for the provider logo.</td></tr><tr><td><code>provider_categories</code></td><td>Array</td><td><p>Array of associated categories for the provider.</p><p>Supported categories:</p><ul><li><code>stable</code></li><li><code>consumer_smartlocks</code></li><li><code>thermostats</code></li><li><code>noise_sensors</code></li></ul></td></tr></tbody></table>

The following example shows a device provider object:

```javascript
{
    "device_provider_name": "august",
    "display_name": "August",
    "image_url": "https://connect.getseam.com/assets/images/logos/august_logo_square.png",
    "provider_categories": ["stable"]
}
```

## Access Code Constraints

Each constraint in the `code_constraints` array contains objects with the `constraint_type` property. Depending on the constraint type, there may also be additional properties. Note that some constraints are [manufacturer](broken-reference) or [device](broken-reference)-specific.

The `constraint_type` property can be one of the following enum values:

<table><thead><tr><th width="338">Constraint Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><code>no_zeros</code></td><td><code>0</code>s cannot be used as digits in the PIN code.</td></tr><tr><td><code>cannot_start_with_12</code></td><td>The PIN code cannot start with the sequence of digits <code>12</code>.</td></tr><tr><td><code>no_triple_consecutive_ints</code></td><td>No more than three digits in a row can be consecutive or the same in the PIN code.</td></tr><tr><td><code>cannot_specify_pin_code</code></td><td>You cannot specify a PIN code. You must leave the code empty, and the lock provider generates a PIN code.</td></tr><tr><td><code>pin_code_matches_existing_set</code></td><td><p>If you specify a PIN code, it must match an existing set of PIN codes used in the account.</p><p>For example, the PIN code could match the code assigned to a user in the system.</p></td></tr><tr><td><code>start_date_in_future</code></td><td>For time-bound codes, the start date must be in the future.</td></tr><tr><td><code>no_ascending_or_descending_sequence</code></td><td>The PIN code cannot consist of a sequence of consecutive digits.</td></tr><tr><td><code>at_least_three_unique_digits</code></td><td>The PIN must contain at least three unique digits.</td></tr><tr><td><code>cannot_contain_089</code></td><td><p>The PIN code cannot contain the digits <code>0</code>, <code>8</code>, or <code>9</code>. </p><p>For example, this restriction could apply to a cylinder lock that only includes the digits <code>1</code> to <code>7</code>.</p></td></tr><tr><td><code>name_length</code></td><td><p>The name of the code has some restrictions on length.</p><p>When the <code>constraint_type</code> is <code>name_length</code>, the constraint object has one or two additional properties called <code>min_length</code> and <code>max_length</code> to specify the length constraints.</p></td></tr><tr><td><code>name_must_be_unique</code></td><td>The name of the code must be unique within the device.</td></tr></tbody></table>

## `device` Methods

You can perform the following actions on `device` objects:

* [List devices](list-devices.md)
* [List device providers](list-device-providers.md)
* [Get a device](get-device.md)
* [Update a device](update-device.md)
* [List unmanaged devices](list-unmanaged-devices.md)
* [Get an unmanaged devices](get-device-1.md)
* [Update an unmanaged device](update-unmanaged-device.md)
* [Delete a device](delete-device.md)
